chore: parallelize PR checks and run only if relevant files are modified (#566)
hashgraph/full-stack-testing: fullstack-network-manager/README.md

> # fullstack-network-manager CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Full Stack Network Manager CLI
```

> fullstack-network-manager(`fsnetman`) is a CLI tool to manage and deploy a Hedera Network using Helm chart for local testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full Stack Network Manager (fsnetman) is a CLI tool to manage and deploy a Hedera Network using the FS Helm Chart. 
```
